Reflections 

I want to start off with a few observations:
I only have one consciousness
I only have one will (power)
I only have a limited time on this earth

This last year I have been very tired and stressed with losing my mom, Zelda, and trying to manage the obligations of my job and kids.   I have not been experiencing joy or peace.  I have felt low, started drinking pretty regularly, and my highs have been modest and fleeting at best.   

I believe I have put things in buckets and this isn’t a sustainable way to live for me.   Work separate from Family separate from Friends separate from side projects separate from fitness and health.   I only have one body, one attention, and one life that all of this fits into.   These separations are not real and I am letting go of separating in 2026.   

Happiness, joy, and meaning are grounded in relationships with emotional and physical contact.  This time and space needs to be protected and fostered.   This christmas vacation left me wanting more time with my family and more time with my friends and family together.   We all have busy lives so we need to manifest the time vs waiting for the opportunities.  

I also need to be there for Bryan and Angela - they do not have anyone.  We went and visited Bryan and gave him his christmas presents early but he didn’t understand that was inlue of sending him gifts.   I felt really disappointed that he didn’t get his christmas presents he was expecting. I want to make sure he feels loved and supported - and these laps will have lasting effects.   So will avoiding them.

I started my data science LLM interview project and could not get it into a closed state and eventually dropped it as my mom came close to the end.  It left so many open loops without any payoffs.  I took on too much that I didn’t have bandwidth for and it took time away from my family.   I have an LLC that I have to do pay a minimum tax for, I have spent a lot of money to no avail.  I want to continue to have and outlet to have a ‘side gig’ but this side gig needs to empower and integrate.   I need it to integrate into shopify and with my natural curiosity and desire to teach and showoff.     One thought I have is that I can document my learning about all the things I’m curious about and turn these into seminars/lessons/tutorials I can sell access to via a shopify app.   It's doing the diligence of documentation coupled with my naturally inclinations of curiosity.   I also need to monitor the cost and cashflow better.  I’m still paying for a large number of subscriptions that I probably do not need.  There are some open loops that I need to investigate and close for this project.

I’m starting a new job with Shopify working on the sidekick agent.  I’ve very excited about working on an LLM based consumer project and working for a company that I can feel good and aligned with their mission and excited about their opportunity.

I was able to lose a lot of weight last year using weygovie and have been able to keep most of the weight off after getting off of it.  Despite having to do a lot of traveling and losing my mom and Zelda I’ve been able to be in a better head space than previous years.   I attribute some of that from consistent therapy and starting everyday with yoga, mediation, and delaying coffee to after.   I have slept more for the first half of the year.  Things have gotten sidewise since my mom died and I haven’t been sleeping better, been drinking more, and being less consistent with my new habits.   It’s only been two days but I’ve started trying a keto diet and I slept much better and longer for two days in a row.   I also excersided more for longer and mediated for 10 minutes + 5 minutes of loving-kindness.   

I also seemed to gain the most not from the goals but by the habits and processes I established.  So while I have outcomes I’m seeking, my goals are to establish the processes/habits that, if sustained, generate the outcome.   To become a pianist instead of learning to become a piano.  

I tore my meniscus doing yoga after my mom died and the physical therapy that my most recent therapies has had me do which is more glute activations and strengthing and rolling has help reduce the aggregation I feel all the time on the outside of my right knee.   

I did not meet my goal of doing 5 handstand pushups but I have been able to make a lot of progress by holding handstands for 10-30 seconds and being able to be do a supported press to handstand.   Similarlly by training focused skills and building blocks that support growth I’ve been able to make progress.   I want to take a similar approach for stacking skills and making consistent progress on my headstand goal and strengthening my legs.   Oh yeah - I was also able to do a pistol squat on my left leg before my accident.  5 in a row!  That was very cool.  I’ve lost the skill but I want to continue a similar process of stacking skills and strength as I did this last year in a way that permanently changes my body.  
Goals for 2026

Outcome: to be well rested, full of energy, and lean
Process: Wake up every morning, exercise for ~1 hr, mediate for 15 minutes, then have coffee after.  Take 5g-15g of creatine every day.  Stop coffee by noon since my metabolism has slowed down and it takes me longer to break down the caffeine.  

Outcome: improved calestatic performance as in more, better pull ups, pistol squats, press to handstand and handstand pushups
Process:   Progressive skill improvement with daily practice and progressions as part of my workout program

Outcome: Experience more meaning and connection every day
Process:  do a daily loving kindness mediation, touch Behshad and Aydin more often.  Plan several vacations with my friends.  Establish friendship routines with my new colleagues to feel and being connected to the people I work with.  Set focus time with family to avoid the feeling of being pulled away from them when I’m focused.  

Outcome:  Be a recognized, significant contributor to Shoppify
Process:   develop and maintain relationships across the company, maintain an accurate model about the value and prioritization of work, deliver the most clear and high impact work/insights, and improve the organization.  Structure every day to maximize  a positive, high energy affect that allows me to deliver work I and the organization values.  

Outcome:  Provide a product/service others are willing to pay for
Process:  Document and package my learning into lessons/seminars/content and I sell access too




