# Personal

We're in the process of getting our house ready to be sold.  I spent last night doing patching and painting.   It was only 3 hours and the results look good.  I was fretting about it before it was done.   LIkely more than necessary.   

I need to paint under the painting in the bedroom, a match in Aydin's room, and potentially a few places with scuffs.   The paiting match was much better than I expected.  I can paint a patch and it blends perfectly with the current color.   No need to paint an entire wall.  

I need to get ahold of wellsfargo mortage and see if we can roll our mortage over into the new house to preserve the interest rate.  It will save me from selling stocks and having to pay taxes on the sell.   

## Bryan Scott Smith

Bryan's birthday is is February 10th and he'll be 18.  They do not have a SMI facility secured yet.  It looks like he won't be in Lake Havasu City, but there is a chance.    He needs to be enrolled in high school so he can graduate.  He also wants to do a mechanic schooling/training program.   I need to look into this.  

There are still open loops for we reguarding his special needs trust.   I done the basic accounting but I need to confirm the rooms, how to structure him making purchases and income, and where to store execess funds.    I'll ask Heather Welborn for how I should get educated on the requirements.  


## Cecilia Smiths Living Trust

The executor for the Trust still has not contact me.  I just called to leave a message and get an update.  This process is taking longer than is required.   Its either not a priority or there's soemthing off.   Either way I have this axienty that I need to step in and take over.   I don't want to do this, but I also will have the emotional burden of this not being done and if I want cerntainy for the processes it is what I'll have to do.


## Shopify

I've started shopify this week.   I'm really excited about it.   The company is AI forward, consistently growing, and the team is very friendly and kind.   I suspect he data science team is not as technical/experienced as I hoped, but there is freedom and opportunity to grow/learn and have the flexibility to stay in Irvine.



