# 2026-01-22


## Bryan Scott Smith
Bryan's CFT was yesterday.  The plan is to find a BFI home in the phenix area over the next wo weeks.   If they do not find one they will have an extension at his new place and believe they will be able to location a facility within the extension.   If this is extended foster care I will need to delay any guardianship until after he is placed in the BFI home since that will remove him from the DCS/Foster system.   

He has some incident yesterday after the CFT where he hit a kid.  The kid wants to call the police and press charges.  The home facility owner is delaying to today to try to de-escalate the situation.   Since Bryan acts out violately when he his stressed, this situation/change is starting to wear on his.  The relationship and impact from his new girlfriend is also something that could be a factor - but I don't really have a way to assess that. 

TODOS:
- set up a checking account for Bryan with a debit card that I can use to give him spending money
- connect with his school since I will be the POC when he is 18
- check in with Heather on Status
- ask Heater for education about running a special needs trust and the accoutning for it
- get a list of itmes I need to do once he is 18

## Home

The home goes live today.  We'll see how it goes.   There are not very many comparables in the area but one of them just did a price drop.  Excelisor.


## Aydin

I'm worried that Aydin is watching too much tablet, especially in the morning.  His chinesne homework has accelerated recently and its way past the point that I with google translate can easily help him.   It was very cute when we was doing his homework.  He didn't wnat to do it so Behshad asked him to teach her how to do the homework and he was very engaged.  He walked her through all the steps.   Gave her feedback.    Made sure we was practicing.   And in the process he did his homework without any more complaining.   He has been wanting to teach me to.  He really likes being a teacher.   

## Behshad

She hasn't been sleeping well.  Her does like or feel rewared at works.  She also chooses to take on extra work from her colleagues even when she has her own work to do.  She also hasen't been exercising regularly the last week.   We're going thru a big shift in time/schedule the last two weeks as we have preped for selling the home.   I'll try to make space for her to do her exercise routine more this week.


# Work

I've started to explore the assistant data.  Its clear the produce is changing faster than the data team is tracking.  There is also tones tables that are not well documented and have data drift.   I will think on a processs that will make this more scalable.   I still am absorbing the shopify way so I'm hesitant to make too many proposals, especially big ones, until I understand product and cultre more.

My manager wanted to me look into how often users just 'greet' our sidekick agent and understand if there is opportunity to somehow use a better method to not use the standard model.   I used gpt-5-mini and sampled 0.1% of the conversations.   It seems that less than 1% of the starting messages are just conversations, and this clas of conversations is only a fraction of all of the sidekick conversations.   I base case is added complexity isn't worth it and this is a small enough problem that there is likely more important works.    I still need to document the cost and subcalls so I can evaluate when this would be worth solving.   

# Stats

Sleep: didn't wear watch
Calisthenics Workout: Completed
Mediation: 15m
Creatine: 5g

# Affirmations

I am a kind, loving, and attentive father and husband.
I am attentive to Aydin.
I am attentive to Behshad.
I am kind to Aydin.
I am kind to Behshad.
I am loving to Aydin.
I am loving to Behshed.
I am loving, attitive, and kind to Aydin.
I am loving, attentive, and kind to Behshad.
I am a loving, kind, and attentive father and husband.


I generate enormous wealth and am generous with it.
I generate enormous wealth.
I am generous. 
I am generous and I generate enormous wealth.
I am wealthy and generous.
I proud work and content that generous enormous wealth.
The work I do produces enormous wealth.
I am wealthy.
I do exceptionly productive work and attrack enormous wealth.

I can solve any problem.
No problem is too complex or ambigous for me to solve.
I am a problem solver.
I solve all problems.
I can solve any problem.
When I problem comes, I solve it.
I am capable of solving any problem.
I am effective at solving problems.
I am a solution generating machine.

I produce high impact, concise, and clear insights.
I deliver insights that are impactful, clear, and consice.
People value my insights.
My insignts lead to meaining improvmenets for people and businesses.
My insights drive quality and revenue.
I am insightful, and I communicate these insights effectively, clearly, and concisely.
People listen to me because of the quality of the insights I provide. 
I am an insight generating machine that outputs clearity and positive change.

