# Daily Journal

My time off and starting keto resultsed in a lot of extra sleep that I would hope to sustain.  Historically, for decades, I average about 6 1/2 hours a night.   I seem to be doing that.   I crave and want more - I know I can train myself to sleep more but its to my base.   Based on the last two months I suspect its a high ROI, but it seems to be a later this year thing.  

We signed docs for an offer on the house we liked.   Wrote a love letter to the owners - it was Behshads idea and Maryam (our agent) agreed with it.  I'm putting it here:

```
Dear Homeowners,

We are writing this letter to share a little bit about the family hoping to call 20941 Parkridge our “forever home”.

My name is Behshad and I am a QA Manager in the biotech industry. My husband, Bryan, is a Data Scientist who works from home. We currently live nearby in Irvine and have outgrown our current space, making simple things like playdates more difficult than they need to be. The home you’ve lovingly remodeled and is crafted in a way that invites family and friends to come in.

We have a large, close-knit family—over 20 relatives living within a few miles—and we have longed to be the "host" family for holidays and Sunday dinners. Your backyard is truly a dream, where the cousins can run around while the adults catch up by the fire pit. It is the perfect setting for us to put down roots and grow old together.

We are especially excited by the layout. We have a son, Aydin, and we can see him hosting birthday parties and movie nights with his friends in the theater room. Bryan and I even pictured our own Tonal fitting in the exact spot as yours, like it was meant to be. Bryan has also been talking about getting a Sauna for years ( 🤣inclusion? 🤣).

We are looking for a place where we can raise our son, welcome our friends and family, and build a lifetime of memories. Your home is perfect for our life's ambitions. We would be incredibly proud to take stewardship.

Thank you so much for considering our offer.

Sincerely,
Behshad, Bryan, and Aydin
```

My manager is out this week and I have heard he micro manages.  I have a place to share my work with others while he's out but I'm (slightly) concerned about his reaction.   I have the noob card to play for a few more weeks so I will play it just for the sake of building connnections.  My goal this week is to meet more people and to fix a few data pipelines since I don't have clear projects and there is a lot of mindshare on token usages by our agents.  I like the narrative of being new and driving clarity around something that is anxiety producing for the oranization.   The axienty for me is these existing pipelines are have a lot of clearly undocumented context and I the raw logs looks to be more nuanced.  My mental mitigation is that I can make things better even if I make mistakes because of where we're at.  


Aydin only wants video games for his birthday.  He's only played 1 of the last 3 we've gotten him.  He likes watching video games on youtube, but he doesn't like playing them.  Even the one that he played was bursty - he played everyday day for a week and hasn't played since.   And he would only play with us, not alone.   I want him to feel excited, and loved, and heard, espeically on his birthdya.  But I also I want to give him experiences.  He loves doing escape rooms with us so I'm thinking of making him a custom coupon book for 5 escape rooms that he can use for us to go do escape rooms when he chooses.  

I spent some time trying to get Molt/Claw bot setup - complete failure.   Everything is a headache and I didn't get to the point that I can message it from my phone - that's teh threshold for the fun stuff.   I don't want to run on my laptop so I'm probably maing it harder than it needs to be by trying to do this in the cloud.

# Stats

Sleep: 6h:22m
Calisthenics Workout: Done
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 0m (Description)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Tire
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am present and kind with the people I love.
I am present with Behshad
I am present with Aydin
I am kind towards Behshad
I am kind towards Aydin
I am present and I kind with the people I loave.

I solve meaningful problems with rigor and care. 
I solve meaningful problems.
When I solve meaningful problems I do so with rigore and care.
I solve problems with rigor and care.
I solve problems with rigor and care.
I solve problems with rigor and care.

I create security that enables aliveness.  
I create security that fosters aliveness.
I create security that fosterr aliveness.
I create seciruty that fosters aliveness. 
I create security that fosters aliveness.



