# Daily Journal

We found a house we want to put an offer on.  The open house was packed so there are going to be multiple offers.   We applied for a mortgage and uploaded all of our documents last night.  They are going to move to underwriting today.  Hopefully we'll be in a place to put an offer in by Monday/Tuesday and go from there.    We also have inspections for our home this week and the buyers are coming on Monday for measurements.   We relaly let the cleaning go after we entered escrow (LOL!) so we have to spend time cleaning today. 

We did a playdate at Sender City with a number of Aydin's class mates.  It was cute - when we showed up all of the kids came up and hugged Aydin.  They played a lot - I love how all the kids treat each other - much better than with Albert and Casey.  Its tough becasue Aydin seems to get along with these kids os much better but he still calls those two his best friends.  His definition of frinds have expanded and now he likes these one.   I just looked at the date - his birthday is next weekend.  I've been so distracted with the house stuff and Bryan's stuff that I forogt to ask Aydin what he wants for his birthday.  We have the party all figured out - just dropped his actually birthday present from me.  

I woke up today around 4am - I wasn't tired and was just awake.   Not axious, not anything.  Just awake.  I only got about 6 hours of sleep which is lwoer than my goal of more than 7 hours which seems to keep me from wearing down.   Its been like that for a few days.  

The weekly review by Claude made a note that my affirmations are not aligned wiht my goals.  I asked all the LLMs about how they view me, what ameks me happy, what motivates, and its all really consistent.   I"m goin to spend some cycles today thinking about this and see if there is somethign that is more aligned.

I also was reminded that I have 3 differet retirement accounts.  There might be some finanical engineering I can do with the home purchase to optimize my tax situation.  I'm going to spend some cycles thinking about this as well.

# Stats

Sleep: 6h:13m
Calisthenics Workout: Only stretnching
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 0m (Description)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Comfortable
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am a loving, kind, and attentive father to Aydin.
I am a loving, kind, and attentive husband to Behshad.
I can solve any problem.
I produce enormous value for the the world.
I am generous.
I am wealth.
I discover valuable insights and communicate them in a way that drive massive impact.
I am a great leader.

