# Daily Journal

I was included in the first DS/PM meeting at work and got some engagement with and questions from the PM/EM teem during the meeting.  I think I came across as competent and capable.   I need to set up all the intro meetings and follow thru with my first couple of analysis.  I ended up stubling into something that was top of mind with the team consering the tokens/cost of Sidekick.

There has been a quality reductions over time and Jonathan (my manager) handed it off to me.   I'm trying to be dilgent in explain the metric decline - I don't have context tho understand the product narrative around the metric movements but I'm hoping this will make it easy to gether that once I share. 

I called brenda and she said they're waiting on the EIN.  SHe had to file it with a SS-4 form becasue of some issue.   I don't trust her.  I asked her to send me when she mailed in the form.  She has not responded.   This is getting absured.   I need to start making a document trail of non-responsiveness when I take legal actions against them to secure the trust.

Aydin was playing with Casey.  Casey started talking about some charater in some show showing his butt to someone and Aydin did it.  A teacher saw adn talked to him - we talked to him.   We is very attached to Casey and the fact that we've had so many issues with the kid stresses me.   We can't make Aydin not play with him.  We can just talk adn frame.  So we do.   Aydin knows we love him, we're not mad at him, but are disappointed with his choice/behavior yesterday.  

All of the cash offers backed out when we countered.   One came back with a match at listing then 30 minutes later withdrew it.   the strong buyer came in above listing and we have one more offer that came it.   I think we'll decided by today and move forward with the best offer.


To dos:
- Dentist paperworkd for new patient.
- Put calendar dates for Byran's guardianship hearing
- Send follow up to Brenda with dates of our conversations


# Stats

Sleep: 5h:55m
Calisthenics Workout: Done
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 0m (Description)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Comfortable
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am a kind, loving, and attentive husband and father.
I can solve any problem. 
I produce increadibly valuable and impactful insights and communicate them clearly and effectivley.
I generate enormous value for the world that generates massive wealth for my, my family, and my community that I am generous with.


