
# Daily

I'm back to sleeping a lot less.  I only slept 5 hour again.   Part of my increase sleeping might have been from being unemployed vs the keto diet.  But I also haven't been in ketosis based on the blood measrueemnts.  I've been having the 'keto' bread for breakfast sandwiches and I've been adding chocolate chips to my mixed nuts.   They both use altivaties for carbs/surgar - I'll experiment with not having them and see what happens to my blood tests.

Related to the sleeping, i crashed my wifes car into my work bench.  The seat compressed me when it turned on and I thought I put it in reverse but put it into drive.  Because of the seat position I couldn't see I was in the wrong great then move forward  when I took my foot off the break.  My tesla doesn't move when I do that and I thought it was similar to her car since its electic.  It goes forward without the break press.    She's still asleep - will tell her when I wake up.   It's an anoying expense.  

The realtor's team did not list our house last night after repeatingly saying they would.   There have also been a number of inconsistencies with the listing price, the descriptions, and the timing of everything.   They want our business for buying a new home but they are not earniing it.

I did my first draft analysis at work.  Found a number of data issues - not surpising.  Given the team and the attention to detail that the team seems to have for their product.   The ownership is really low - there is not a lot of engagement with eng/pms, per Ryan.   This makes me nervous - I want to get Tobi's awareness/attention.  I'll have to start with Nell, but the plan is to standout with Tobi.   Game on!



# Affirmations

I generate impactful, clear, and useful insights.,
I am a clear communications.   
My insights improve important decisions.
I am efficient and effective with how i communicate. 
I am a clear, concise, and impactful insight deliverer.
I prioritize impactful analysis and deliver clear/concise recommendatiosn.
I am insightful.
I create insightful analysis.

I can solve any problem.
I can reduce ambiguity to progress to solutions.
I frame problems in a way that allows clear solutions.
I can sole any problem.
I am an effective problem solver.
I solve problems the right way.
I solve the whole problem, not just parts.
I am effective is generating solutions.
I can solve any problem.

I am a kind, caring, and attentive husband and father.
I am kind to Aydin.
I am caring to Aydin.
I am attentive to Aydin.
I am kind to Behshad.
I am caring to Behshad.
I am attentive to Behshad.
I am a kind, caring, and attentive persons.
I am a kind, caring, and attentive father.
I am a kind, caring, and attentive husband.

I generate enmourous wealth and am generous with it.
I am wealthy because of the impact I have on the world.
I am able to provide for all my friends and family.
I have enoumous wealth.
I am generous.
I am a provider for all my friends and family.
I create enmourous wealth.
I am always generous.
I generate enourmous wealth and am generous with it.

