
# Daily Journal

Aydin is sleeping in today.  Its almost 7 and he hasn't gotten up.  He's normally up at 6am on the dot.  

The home wet live yesterday.  We have over 1500 views and 67 saves with in the first 24 hours.   We also had 2 showings yesterday.   We have an open house both days this weekend.  Lets see what happens. 

I'm starting to get concerned about my decision to come to Shopify.   I started working on my first analysis and found some issues with the data.  The tracking of tokesn for the agents had some nulls.  When I looked at it I found that over 80% of the converation turns had null values.   I looked at the time series and it started at 94%.   That means when the DE/DS create teh table they didn't notice that the token tracking was broken for the table called 'message_tokens'.  The fact that this was done, went un noticed for months, and it took me 1 day working on my first analysis to find it (and find a fix for it) gives me pause.  There's a caliber of the people I work with concern.  There's an data-culture concern.   And there's a company culture concerns.   I found the 'fix' my looking at the engineering monitor tool and seeing how they tracked it in their debuging tool.  The data manipulation there didn't match the data model that DE/DS created.  That implies very poor communications/colaboration and that the eng team is acting independantly of the data team.  They are not using what is produced and their work.   No one is looking at the data.    Oh my!   I may end up being a very big fish in a small pond.  That can be good for promotions but not for how I want to work.....

# Stats

Sleep: 7h:45m
Calisthenics Workout: Completed
Mediation: 15m
Creatine: 5g

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Wired
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am a loving, attentive, and kind husband and father.
I am a loving, attentive, and kind husband to Behshad.
I am a loving, attentive, and kind father to Aydin,
I am loving towards Behshad.
I am loving towards Aydin.
I am kind towards Behshad.
I am kind towards Aydin.
I am attentive of Behshad.
I am attentive of Aydin.
I am a loving, kind, and attentive father and husband.


I can solve any problem.
I am an effective problem solver.
I reduce ambiguity and drive clarity.
People come to me to solve problems.
There is no problem I can not solve.
I am effective at solving problems.
I am efficent at solving problems.
I can solve any problem.

I deliver effective, clear, and concise insights.
People come to me for my insight. 
I am a clear communicator.
I produce impactful insights.
My insights drive revenue and improve businesses.
My insights drive clarity.
My insights improve decisions.
I produce effective, clear, concise, and impactul insights.
I am an insight generating machine!

I generate enoumous wealth and share it with others.
I generate enoumour wealth.
I am generous with my wealth.
I generate enourmous wealth for myself and others.
I have a huge net worth.
People see me an exceptionally wealthy and productive.
I am rich.
I am generous.
I produce value for the world that generatous enourmous wealth. 
I produce enourmous wealth and share it with the world.