
# Speed Stream of Consciousness

Bryan has a girlfriend in nebraska he met on TikTok.  He now wants to move there instead of going to Havasu.   He has impulse controls and gets overwelmed easily as a result of his tramatic brain injury and post traumatic stress disorder.  My lawyer, Healther Welborn, filed the custody paper work for when he turns 18.   We still do not have a home for him to transition to when he turns 18 on Feb 10th, 2026.

We have the home cleaned, staged, and photos done.  It is listed tomorrow, Thursday, January 22nd, 2026.  Our open house is 1-4 on Saturday and Sunday.  I feel hopeful we'll get a good offer fairly quickly, but that's really out of my/our control.   We'll see what happens and will solve the problem of no offers when we come to it.

I finished my onboarding at Shopify.  One of the senior staff ds is leaving to google and grabbed time with me.   I was able to get some information from here and he told me it was easy to cost as a DS here at shopify because they are not very data driven.   My goal is to raise teh bar, deliver value, and improve our products with the help of data in a way the creates a flywheel of impact and a better data culture.   There is a lot of opportunity here and I am going to cause a positive kink in in product quality and growth trajectories.  

I haven't read from Alex in a while.   She appreantly had a down spell - not sure what happened.   Steph hasn't told me much.

I need to call the Brenda, the finance planer that works for Bidwell, the executor of my mom's trust.  I have not heard from them for over a month.  There execution speed is very slow.   Unless I see meaningful progress I will need ot take it over.   I also think I will discuss with Steph, Alex, & Bryan updating the trust if we do that to change the allocation and terms so that Bryan get's a higher allocations because of his long term disability and Alex's drug use.  I also need to make sure Alex doesn't continue to live in the home after 18 - she has to take care of herself and that will likely turn into a drug den.

I feel the need to just type: Purple Monkey butter!

A list of todos:
- call psychiatrist to make an appointment and refill
- email Healther about special needs trust accounting and verify her account service
- harass Brenda
- start publicly asking questions about sidekick in slack
- apply for a loan to buy a house with wellsfargo
- non-urgent aspiration goals:
    - role over retirement accounts into a single account (none urgent)
    - update shopify website
    - write a blog post

# Stats

Sleep: 5h:55m
Calisthenics Workout: Completed
Mediation: 15m
Creatine: 5g

# Affirmations

I am a kind, loving, and attentive father and husband.
I am a kind, loving, and attentive father and husband.
I am a kind father.
I am a loving father.
I an attative father.
I am a kind husband.
I am a loving husband.
I am an attentive husband.
I am a kind, loving, and attentive husband and father.


I deliver clear, concise, and high impact insights to the world.
I deliver clear insights to the world.
I deliver concise insights to the world.
I deliver high impact insights to the world.
I communicate insights concisely and clearly.
The insights I deliver result in high impact.
I am a clear, concise, and high impact communicator. 
I produce clear, concise, and high impact insights. 


I am a centamillionaire.
I am a centa-millionaire.
I am a centa-millionaire.
I generate enormouse wealth and share it generously.
I generate enormouse wealth and share it generously.
I am generous with my wealth.
I generate massive wealth.
I am wealthy.
I generate enormouse wealth and share it generously.
I generate enormouse wealth and share it generously.