# Daily Journal

We looked at more homes yesterday.   There was an older home that had quality upgrades and a beautiful view that we liked.   Its in our budget.   A surprising number of the homes are flips with upgrades that don't make sense or were not great quality.  They were flash without substance.   

We had 50 more visits yesterday.  Our agent said we have an agent working on an offer and our team is following up with other agents.   I plan on acknowledging the offer and giving time for more offers to understand the market, our options, and the value of our home before saying anything.    If I ball park the math we will sell for about 1.3M have about 0.1 in costs, and have 0.4k in mortage so that nest to 0.8M.   We have 1.6M in the bank so our max budget is about 2.4M.    I don't want to sell all of the stocks and have some left for the future.   I do want to 'check point' life so we have all free cashflow for savings.   I should model this out and look for alternatives - there might be options.

I started looking into undertanding Shopify's financials/business, and TSMC a little, and found that its difficult to get views.  When an analyst follows a company I image they have to catalog a set of bespoke data sources.   The EDGAR XBRL taxonomy is a mess and various APIs have normalizations for a price, but they do not have all of the data that is in the filiings.   There are breakdowns that are reported that are not in the APIs so I need to get them from the reports too.   

It seems like the process is to get the numbers and save them, and in a regular cadence get the updateds numbers and document where everything comes from but normalize myself.  Its really interesting.  Its also requires a lot of reading that isn't 'move fast' but understand slow.   I think  can be okay with that.   I can still document what I learn and share it.  

Long list of items I need to do in no order or priority:

- pay PT
- get new psychiatrist
- update insurance with primary and schedule phsyical
- get new dentist and get my annual 
- email Heather about Bryan's guardianship status
- call Brenda at 9am


# Stats

Sleep: 6h:45m
Calisthenics Workout: Complete
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 0m (Description)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Comfortable
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am a kind, loving, and attentive father and husband.
I am kind to Behshad.
I am kind to Aydin.
I am loving towards Behshad.
I am loving towards Aydin.
I am attentive of Behshad.
I am attentive of Aydin.
I am a attentive father and husband.
I am a loving husband and father.
I am a kind father and husband.

I can solve any problem.
I am a problem solver.
I am incredibly effective and efficient at solving problems.
I solve the right problems.
I solve meaningful problems.
I solve problems in a sustainable and long term way.
There is no problem I can not solve.
I am a problem solving machine.
I can solve any problem.

I produce incredbiley, clear, and impactful insights.
I generate impactful insights.
I communicate very clearly.
My insights improve decisions.
My insights improve businesses and lives.
I am increadibly insightful.
People seek me out for my insights and their applications.
I communicate impactful insights clearly and regularly.
I produce incredible insights that are communicated clearly and regularly.

I generate enormous wealth and am generous with it.
I generate incredible value that turns into wealth for my self, my family, and my community.
I am wealthy.
I am generous.
My productivty and wealth generations has no bounds.
I am rich and getting richer.
I produce value that wealth is attracted to me.
I generate enormous value and wealth - I am generous with it.


