# Daily Journal

We had 50 visitors to our open house yesterday.  Currently have more than 1600 views across redfin and zillow.  The agent said there were several parties that were interested in our home.

We looked as 8 houses yesterday.   There was a home in San Celement I liked but it was older and its far.  There were two homes in Laguna Niguel we both liked.  Both had a nice hill view and its close to the ocean - you can feel it.  There is a serenity that comes with these two homes that we both liked and think are important to consider.   Most of the other homes were in bad locations, would be projects, or just didn't vibe with us.

We went to Dave and Busters after the homes so AYdin could play - there have a new 90min package for unlimited play.  We had enough ticket stto get a nerf gun set and Aydin and I shot at each other infront of the garage for a while.   It was dark so we had to wait until the morning to find all the nerf bullets.   

I've started two research projects on businesses: TMCS and Shopify.  My goal is to understand the buisnesses and share those understand as well has have dashboards to track both of the companies.   The TSMC one is becasue I think there is demand to understand that compnay/business better becasue of the AI boom/bottle-necks.  Shopify is for my personal interest since I"m working for the company and this will give me a much better understanding of where the management is at.   I want to, over time, show I understand the whole business.  

AYdin is waiting for me to go to the park so I have to end before I'm finished writing today...



# Stats

Sleep: 6h:38m
Calisthenics Workout: Completed
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 0m (Description)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Tired
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutrla

# Affirmations

I am a loving, kind, and attentive father and husband.
I am a loving, kind, and attentive father to Aydin.
I am a loving, kind, and attentive husband to Behshad.
I am loving towards Behshad.  
I am loving towards Aydin.
I am kind towards Aydin.
I am kind towards Behshad.
I am attentive towards Behshad.
I am attentive towards Aydin.
I am a attentive, loving, and kind father and husband.

I can solve any problem. 
There isn't a problem I can't solve.
I am a problem solver.
I work on the correct problems.
I solve problems in a sustainable way.
My solutions are endurable and scalable.
I can solve any problem.
There is not a problem I can not solve.
I love solving problems.
I am good at solving problems.
I can solve any problem.

I generate enourmous wealth and am generous with it.
I am a wealthy person.
I produce exceptional value for the world that generates wealth for me and the people in my life.
I am exceptionally wealthy.
I compound wealth.
I have multiple ways of creating wealth and sharing it with others.
I am generous with my wealth.
I creat a lot of wealth.
I produce enourmous wealth and I am generous with it.

I produce clear and impactful insights.
People make better decisions because of my insights.
I am a clear communicator. 
I improve important decisions.
My insights lead to improvements to lives and businesses.
People seek my out for my insights because of they impact and clarity.
I am generator of insights that are impactful and clear.
I produce a high volume of insights.
I consistently produce clear, impactful insights.
I develope insights that matter.
I produce clear and impactful insights.

