We spent the weekend getting the house ready to be sold.   It feels light to have less stuff and the space spase.  The stagers are briniging in furniture tomorrow.  Angela will come after to clearn.  The photo crew will be here on Tuesday.  Then we'll be listed on Thrusday and have our first open house next weekend.   We just decided we were going to sell our home last Saturday.  Very efficent.

We went to some open houses today for a few older homes.  The first one did no cleaning or touch ups.  The shower was filthy.  The currents were stained with dirt.  The second one was nicer, and it was in a great neighbor hood.  They both have good bones.   I realized how all the little things added up to turn me off to the house so I feel very good about ithe investments and maintence in this home.   I also realized I don't want to buy a project, but what something that has the upgrades we want in it. 

I want to be happy in my career and part of that requires that I fill my cup outside of work.   We want a new home that is larger, we can entertain, that I have an office in, and is still relativley close to our family in Irvine.   A lot of this fill Behshad's cup and that will help fill mine.   Having a home that can be our 'forever home' that is paid off will help fill mine.   It will let me focus on work and choose to do the work I want to do vs have to do.   Its a save pooint in life.   We're here - we can reset to this at any point.    Its a good place to be even if it doens't get better.  But it will because I'm Behshad and Aydin.   

# Stats

Sleep: 7h:07m
Calisthenics Workout: Completed
Mediation: 15m
Creatine: 5g