# Daily Journal

I was very sore last night and it impacted my sleep.  I started getting cramps in the middle of the night.   I have not been working hard on my legs, but they seem to not recovering well.  I'm also feeling fatigue build up in my shoulders and back from the calestetics workouts.  Its not time to deload.   If I don't start to seem some mitigations I'll update my training plans.

I finished drafts of both my analysis for work.  My peer DS gave some feedback and also said some positive aspects about the work.    I sent to my manager for review.   Matteo, a peer, is leaving to go to intuit because of pay.    He told me that my manger wants to control all communication with leadership.  I understand the need but I also do not think that's effective give the reactive nature of the team I've observed.   I've only talked to one PM but its clear our working model need sto change to have more impact and having a single point of contact with the rest of the team does not scale or improve the data culture.  Trust is built through numeorus and varied interactions over time.  Culture wins this.

Escore has started with it schedule to closed around Feb 20th.  We have 30 days after to live in the house but I don't think we'll end up doing that?   We'll have to get more serious about finding a place to live - long term and short term.  Behshad and I were talking about  our home criteria and we both were leaning toward something lower in the budget so we can invest in customizing to our needs and tastes.   Approach this in the vain of being a forever home.   

Before school Aydin was playing with a blueberry on the ground with his foot and rolling it around.  I got upset because we're trying to keep the house clean for people showing - I snapped at him and asked him to stop and throw it away.  He said, "I didn't see it".   I then got upset at him for lying.   I took a beat because I realized I was not being kind to him.    I told him I shouldn't talk to him like that and I was sorry.  I tried to explain my concerns about the mess an dthe lying, and how buildiing trust and good habits around being clearn and organized are important, but that doens't justify be talking to him like that.  That i made a mistake and I want to do better.   That I understand part of teh reason he 'lied' was because he was probably feeling a little scared because of my tone/reaction.   I asked him if there was anything I could do to make it better - he said, "I don't know".   I just held his hand on the way to school, then offered for use to walk the long way to drop off so we could do "spins".   

The affirmations help me call out the inconsistencies with my goals and my behaviors more easily. 

I'm joining Aydin's play date today to hang out with the other parents.  I've been talking to Sean and Travis, but I haven't had in person friend time all month.   I know this fills my cup and I need to make it happens.


# Stats

Sleep: 5h:46m
Calisthenics Workout: Yes
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 45m (Power Zone Endurance)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Tired
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Happy

# Affirmations

I am a attentive, loving, and kind father and husband.
I produce impactful, insightfual analysis that people use and value.
I generate massive value for the world that produces wealth for myself and my loved ones.
I can solve any problem.


