# Daily Journal

Bryan was rejected for a new facility yesterday.  We had a screening but it seems like they decided even before the screening.   It felt like a waste of time given his history and the facility was just two women and in their own home that they live in.   I think it would have been a good fit for him and they would not have had the issues they feared, but they were not willing to take a chance on him.

This kids has so many things going against him and none of them are his fault.  Poor kid.

I discovered the pipeline that I saw issues with is realatively new and was created and backfilled recently.   My manager is justifying it, but an expensive long backfill on a broke pipeline still speaks to a lack of quality/planning/diligence that I expect from the teams I work with.   

I have an old colleauge from reddit working at shopify.   I have mixed feelings about it - its a small company, relatively speaking, so I will work with him.   I need to get over myself....

I believe the date for the counter offers is tomorrow.  Our agent said she also expected new offers.  We had one of them revisit yesterday and another group come and stay in the house for 40 minutes.   I really wonder what they were doing during that time.   It was a long time for the house and I don't believe they put in an offer yet.  

# Stats

Sleep: 7h:36m
Calisthenics Workout: Complete
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 0m

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Comfortable
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am a kind, loving, and attentive husband and father.
I can solve any problem.
I have incredible insights that improve decisions and are clearly communicated.
I generate enourmose value for the world and am generous with the resulting wealth.
