# Daily Journal

I've not being as effect in generating my analysis as I hoped.  I've spent a lot of time generating helping functions for redoing the same analysis or making displays in a clear way.  The tooling and python libraries shopify tends to use are new to me.   I also developing an intutition and it getting developes changes my view of the narrative.   This is consistent onboarding.  I feel a pressure to move fast to have percieved impact - my gut says this is more important fro this culture than being rigorous and correct.   I'm going to process this and get both my analysis in a place to share today.


I talked to Travy about the trust and he things I should write a letter asking them to resign and secure all corespondence and bill.   Behshad did a quick search on timelines for a trust and ein are applied for within a week of death.   

I just took a break to send an email re-requesting the EIN maile date, acknowledge of the tax filing responcibilty, and aksing her to ackownledge receipt of the email.  I'll also call.

We signed an offer for the house yesterday - we got 10k above the listing price.   We started the escro process.  That should take about 3 weeks.  

I'm decided to put on hold of any consistent effort to work on starting a business.  Between selling and buiing a house and starting a new job I don't have the mental/stress budget to force this.  My p0 is to maintain energy and me forcing this is starting to lead to a burnout.   I'm not excited to do it.   I'll hunt and peck, but I'm going to refine my goals and put this as a stretch goal.

# Stats

Sleep: 6h:13m
Calisthenics Workout: Yes
Meditation/Loving Kindness: 10m/5m
Creatine: 5g
Cycling/Biking: 30m (heavy intervals)

# Mood Survey

Comfortable/Tired/Wired:    Tired
Happy/Neutral/Sad:          Neutral

# Affirmations

I am a loving, kind, and attentive husband and father.
I can solve any problem.
I discover impactful insights and share there clearly.
I generate enourmous value for the world that generates wealth for the people I love.




